Documentation/operation docs rework (#3074)
scality/metalk8s: docs/installation/troubleshooting/pod_and_service_CIDR_conflicts.rst

> Pod and Service CIDR conflicts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pod and Service CIDR Conflicts
```

==============================

> If after installating a MetalK8s cluster you notice that the Pod-to-Pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, after installing a MetalK8s cluster, you notice routing issues in pod-to-pod
```

> communication has routing issues, perform the following checks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
communication:
```

#. Check the configured values for the internal pod and service networks.

   .. code-block:: shell

>       [root@bootstrap vagrant]# salt-call pillar.get networks

Reviewer 2: would just remove vagrant as it is what you get when running on a dev environment but not on production environment

>       [root@bootstrap vagrant]# salt-call pillar.get networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      [root@bootstrap]# salt-call pillar.get networks
```

      local:
          ----------
          control_plane:
              172.21.254.0/28
          pod:
              10.233.0.0/16
          service:
              10.96.0.0/12
          workload_plane:
              172.21.254.32/27

#. Ensure that the configured IP ranges (CIDR notation) do not conflict
   with your infrastructure.

.. todo::

   - Add Salt master/minion logs, and explain how to run a specific state from
     the Salt master.

>    - Add troubleshooting for networking issues.

Reviewer 3: Those "to-dos" should go in `installation/troubleshooting/index`, as they are not related to this "Pod and Service CIDR Conflicts".
